--- 
layout: post 
title: Small Great Things- A Novel
price: $28.99
img: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51MzOneN8rL.jpg
--- 
<p>#1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER  With richly layered characters and a gripping moral dilemma that will lead readers to question everything they know about privilege, power, and race, Small Great Things is the stunning new page-turner fromJodi Picoult.<br><br> [Picoult] offers a thought-provoking examination of racism in America today, both overt and subtle. Her many readers will find much to discuss in the pages of this topical, moving book.Booklist (starred review)<br><br> Ruth Jefferson is a labor and delivery nurse at a Connecticut hospital with more than twenty years experience. During her shift, Ruth begins a routine checkup on a newborn, only to be told a few minutes later that shes been reassigned to another patient. The parents are white supremacists and dont want Ruth, who is African American, to touch their child. The hospital complies with their request, but the next day, the baby goes into cardiac distress while Ruth is alone in the nursery. Does she obey orders or does she intervene?<br><br> Ruth hesitates before performing CPR and, as a result, is charged with a serious crime. Kennedy McQuarrie, a white public defender, takes her case but gives unexpected advice: Kennedy insists that mentioning race in the courtroom is not a winning strategy. Conflicted by Kennedys counsel, Ruth tries to keep life as normal as possible for her familyespecially her teenage sonas the case becomes a media sensation. As the trial moves forward, Ruth and Kennedy must gain each others trust, and come to see that what theyve been taught their whole lives about othersand themselvesmight be wrong.<br><br> With incredible empathy, intelligence, and candor, Jodi Picoult tackles race, privilege, prejudice, justice, and compassionand doesnt offer easy answers. Small Great Things is a remarkable achievement from a writer at the top of her game.<br><br>Praise for Small Great Things<br><br>Small Great Things is the most important novel Jodi Picoult has ever written. . . . It will challenge her readers . . . [and] expand our cultural conversation about race and prejudice.The Washington Post<br><br> A novel that puts its finger on the very pulse of the nation that we live in today . . . a fantastic read from beginning to end, as can always be expected from Picoult, this novel maintains a steady, page-turning pace that makes it hard for readers to put down.San Francisco Book Review<br><br> A gripping courtroom drama . . . Given the current political climate it is quite prescient and worthwhile. . . . This is a writer who understands her characters inside and out.Roxane Gay, The New York Times Book Review<br><br>I couldnt put it down. Her best yet!New York Timesbestselling author Alice Hoffman<br><br>A compelling, cant-put-it-down drama with a trademark [Jodi] Picoult twist.Good Housekeeping<br><br>Its Jodi Picoult, the prime provider of literary soul food. This riveting drama is sure to be supremely satisfying and a bravely thought-provoking tale on the dangers of prejudice.Redbook<br><br>Jodi Picoult is never afraid to take on hot topics, and inSmall Great Things, she tackles race and discrimination in a way that will grab hold of you and refuse to let you go. . . . This page-turner is perfect for book clubs.Popsugar</p><p></p>
https://www.amazon.com/Small-Great-Things-Jodi-Picoult/dp/0345544951%3FSubscriptionId%3DAKIAJMENML4FLKMV2CIQ%26tag%3Dpskiba1234-20%26linkCode%3Dxm2%26camp%3D2025%26creative%3D165953%26creativeASIN%3D0345544951
