--- 
layout: post 
title: A Gentleman in Moscow- A Novel
price: $27.00
img: https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51YCzUi5OJL.jpg
--- 
A New York Times bestseller<br><br> Chosen as a best book of the year by NPR, The Washington Post, The Chicago Tribune, The San Francisco Chronicle, and The Philadelphia Inquirer<br><br>The same gorgeous, layered richness that marked Towles debut, Rules of Civility, shapes [A Gentleman in Moscow] Entertainment Weekly<br><br>The Grand Budapest Hotel and Eloise meets all the Bond villains. TheSkimm<br><br>Irresistible. . .[an] elegant period piece. . .as lavishly filigreed as a Faberge egg.<br>O, the Oprah Magazine<br> <br> He cant leave his hotel. You wont want to.<br> <br> From theNew York Timesbestselling author ofRules of Civilitya transporting novel about a man who is ordered to spend the rest of his life inside a luxury hotel<br><br> In 1922, Count Alexander Rostov is deemed an unrepentant aristocrat by a Bolshevik tribunal, and is sentenced to house arrest in the Metropol, a grand hotel across the street from the Kremlin. Rostov, an indomitable man of erudition and wit, has never worked a day in his life, and must now live in an attic room while some of the most tumultuous decades in Russian history are unfolding outside the hotels doors. Unexpectedly, his reduced circumstances provide him entry into a much larger world of emotional discovery.<br><br> Brimming with humor, a glittering cast of characters, and one beautifully rendered scene after another, this singular novel casts a spell as it relates the counts endeavor to gain a deeper understanding of what it means to be a man of purpose.<br><br>And the intrigue!  [A Gentleman in Moscow] is laced with sparkling threads (they will tie up) and tokens (they will matter): special keys, secret compartments, gold coins, vials of coveted liquid, old-fashioned pistols, duels and scars, hidden assignations (discreet and smoky), stolen passports, a ruby necklace, mysterious letters on elegant hotel stationery a luscious stage set, backdrop for a downright Casablanca-like drama. The San Francisco Chronicle
https://www.amazon.com/Gentleman-Moscow-Novel-Amor-Towles/dp/0670026190%3FSubscriptionId%3DAKIAJMENML4FLKMV2CIQ%26tag%3Dpskiba1234-20%26linkCode%3Dxm2%26camp%3D2025%26creative%3D165953%26creativeASIN%3D0670026190
